The "SP Geometry Study" script is used to experiment with changing the various geometries of a Stewart Platform. It can be used in "single-shot" testing, to see eg. the workspace or other outputs, or in "optimizer" mode, to see the effect of changing a given geometry over a range.
This script only checks for accessibility of the given positions (NOT orientations!) and doesn't consider stability, controllability etc.

To improve on this, the 'stewart_platform_jacobian_study' script DOES consider these factors. Poses are constructed (with both pos and orientation) in a conical pattern to focus on the poses that will be most important for single-robot juggling. Changing 'deviations' (inside 'generate_poses') will modify the angles at which the poses are generated. Poses can be plotted using 'plot_poses' and if you want to see how the poses fit with the (current) workspace of Jugglebot, plot_convex_hull_and_poses will do this.

Once the poses are generated, we can either run the full geometry study (running_geometry_study = True) or see the results of a single geometry. The code after the geometry study will basically do what the geometry study does but only for one geometry. The end result is that we can see the Jacobian for the given geometry + pose combination as well as generate a plot showing the platform at the nominated pose as well as the initial pose 'cloud', with all points and arrows coloured according to the condition number of the Jacobian at that pose. The variable controlling the colouring can be changed inside the 'plot_geometry_with_poses' function (where we "check reachability and compute condition numbers for all poses").

'main sketch'.png is a sketch defining the angles used in the construction of the Stewart Platform Geometry